CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    Adventure game

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    The boredom and entertainment 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

    How to better branch out and deal with User inputs and decision making

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    Math, random, maybe datetime and pytest

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    Roll function (Used to get a random number to see if you pass checks) done
    Character Creation Function (Helps the user create a character)     done
    Stat Function (Used to affect what the character can do(Will be used with the Roll Function))   done
    Situtaion Function (Used to randomly give Situtaions) done
    Beginning Function (Used to randomly give a new begining to each run)    done


    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)


6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

Test Roll Function done
Test Stat Function
Test Situtaion Function
Test Beginning Function

